<h1 class="chakra-heading css-iuea7g">Instructions</h1></div><div class="css-0"><div class="css-1m96lhp"><div class="css-u8svcc"><div class="copy-length css-0"><div class="ureact-markdown css-tc5hjw"><h3 class="chakra-heading css-1yztwzy">Phase One: Reconnaissance</h3>
<p class="chakra-text css-o3oz8b">The PJBank CISO authorized the development of a cybersecurity training program in an effort to improve its network security posture. The infrastructure that supports this training program has four components:</p>
<ol role="list" class="css-13a5a39"><li class="css-cvpopp">The Debian server in the DMZ (DMZIServer | 10.1.0.7)</li><li class="css-cvpopp">A web Application Server in the DMZ (Debianx64DMZOnCloudNew | 10.1.0.12)</li><li class="css-cvpopp">The Internal Network Device (employee workstation) in the MZ (Win-10 | 10.1.2.4)</li><li class="css-cvpopp">A public web server <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer" class="chakra-link css-otuu82" href="https://learnaboutsecurity.com/" node="[object Object]">"Learn About Security"</a> (Learnaboutsecurity.com)</li></ol>
<p class="chakra-text css-o3oz8b">The external component provides general training information and links to third-party training platforms like Udacity.com. This component is internet accessible and can be reached at learnaboutsecurity.com.</p>
<p class="chakra-text css-o3oz8b">The internal component consists of a web Server - with a SQL Database backed located in the DMZ (Debianx64DMZOnCloudNew). This server is used for employee training. There is also a Debian Server that is used as a test server (DMZIServer | 10.1.0.7). Finally, there is a Win-10 device that the employees use to access the training application.</p>
<p class="chakra-text css-o3oz8b">All devices can be accessed from the Kali-internal machine (10.1.2.5).</p>
<p class="chakra-text css-o3oz8b">Great News! PJ Bank CISO was so impressed with your team’s performance that they extended your contract term. Your new assignment is to test the new training program platform for security weaknesses.</p>
<p class="chakra-text css-o3oz8b">The reconnaissance operations will include checking for public sources of information about <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer" class="chakra-link css-otuu82" href="https://learnaboutsecurity.com/" node="[object Object]">"Learn About Security"</a>. You will need to:</p>
<ul role="list" class="css-19qh3zo"><li class="css-cvpopp">Search for the website on Shodan or other recon websites</li><li class="css-cvpopp">Discover the DNS information of the website</li><li class="css-cvpopp">Identify web technologies the website uses</li></ul>
<p class="chakra-text css-o3oz8b">Annotation, documentation, reporting, and screenshots collection as you go are strongly encouraged. The process of reporting as you go will ensure you stay within the time bounds of the contract.</p></div></div></div></div><div class="css-1m96lhp"><div class="css-u8svcc"><div class="copy-length css-0"><div class="ureact-markdown css-tc5hjw"><h3 class="chakra-heading css-1yztwzy">Phase Two: Scanning the environments</h3>
<p class="chakra-text css-o3oz8b">Next, you will need to complete vulnerability scans against the public website (learnaboutsecurity.com), the DMZ servers (DMZIServer and Debianx64DMZOnCloudNew), and the employee workstation (Win-10).</p>
<ul role="list" class="css-19qh3zo"><li class="css-cvpopp">Scan for open ports</li><li class="css-cvpopp">Scan for running services</li><li class="css-cvpopp">Scan for sensitive files</li></ul>
<p class="chakra-text css-o3oz8b">You also recall that there is sometimes a hidden folder that stores access credentials by default. You should be able to reveal sensitive data by:</p>
<ul role="list" class="css-19qh3zo"><li class="css-cvpopp">Running a directory scan (dirb) against DMZIServer using the Udacity wordlist</li><li class="css-cvpopp">Reveal root access to the DMZIserver</li></ul>
<p class="chakra-text css-o3oz8b">Let's say you discover the PJ Bank security team made patch updates to the DMZIServer after the last pen test because it was riddled with vulnerabilities. If you recall from the lesson, this is the same server that hosted the payroll application. Since it is also being used as a test machine for the training application, it can be targeted during this project.</p>
<p class="chakra-text css-o3oz8b">In addition to this, research software versions that you might discover on the test server (DMZIServer), payroll server (Debianx64DMZOnCloudNew), and employee workstation (Win10). Once you discover a vulnerability, research ways to exploit them.  Hint: One of that vulnerable software should be the Xampp service you started.</p>
<p class="chakra-text css-o3oz8b">Again, you are urged to follow reporting best practices and document most steps throughout the investigation, research, and exploitation phases of this test.</p></div></div></div></div><div class="css-1m96lhp"><div class="css-u8svcc"><div class="copy-length css-0"><div class="ureact-markdown css-tc5hjw"><h3 class="chakra-heading css-1yztwzy">Phase Three: Exploitation</h3>
<p class="chakra-text css-o3oz8b">A vulnerability on one of the machines is an outdated version of Xampp. The next page provides you with a video tutorial on how to exploit it. Exploit this vulnerability to gain access to the vulnerable machine.</p>
<p class="chakra-text css-o3oz8b">The SSH credentials for the payroll server (Debianx64DMZOnCloudNew) can also be cracked. From the course, we know the username is admin123, and we need to try and crack the password. Use the Hydra tool against the Udacity wordlist (/usr/share/wordlist/Udacity.txt)  to crack the password and gain ssh access. If you are unsure what syntax to use to run the password crack, use the help (-h) command or research the world wide web.</p>
<p class="chakra-text css-o3oz8b">There are two major items to accomplish in this phase:</p>
<ol role="list" class="css-13a5a39"><li class="css-cvpopp">Gain unauthenticated access to the employee workstation (win-10) by exploiting a vulnerable application.</li><li class="css-cvpopp">Crack the SSH root credentials to the payroll server (Debianx64DMZOnCloudNew), then demonstrate data exfiltration.</li></ol>

<p class="chakra-text css-o3oz8b">Optionally, feel free to conduct other exploits in a controlled way.</p>
<h3 class="chakra-heading css-1yztwzy">Phase Four: Reporting</h3>
<p class="chakra-text css-o3oz8b">You should produce methodology, screenshots, and documentation through the assessment. However, the final phase of this assessment is to produce a report that can be interpreted by executives, understood by the points of contact, and reproduced by the technical personnel assigned. <strong>Significant Vulnerabilities</strong> should be designated as they are discovered and added to the Significant Vulnerabilities Summary.</p></div></div></div></div><div class="css-1m96lhp"><div class="css-u8svcc"><div class="copy-length css-0"><div class="ureact-markdown css-tc5hjw">
